Wrong URL to Umbraco forms purchase page (#4846)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cms/tutorials/creating-a-basic-website/creating-master-template-part-2.md

Some potential solutions:

> * If you're not a programmer you can use the Umbraco built-in package - Umbraco Forms. Umbraco Forms has the added benefit that editors can also create their own forms. Find more information and purchase the product through [Umbraco Apps](https://umbraco.com/products/umbraco-forms/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you're not a programmer you can use the Umbraco built-in package - Umbraco Forms. Umbraco Forms has the added benefit that editors can also create their own forms. Find more information and purchase the product on [Umbraco.com](https://umbraco.com/products/umbraco-forms/).
```
